# CS-340-Client-Server-Development
How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
I wrote a program that could read, add, sort, and dlete files from a loaded CSV file. I first made a CRUD class that allowed me to minipulate the database. This class in trun let me sort though the database whenever a user clicked on a button to sort through various options that they needed. This could be easily changed depending on the files and client. The advantages of working in this way is the same advantage that OOP has, the code is eaily minipulated and the scope of the client deosn't really matter as long as the application is still the same the code will still work. The code doesnt know if it is sorting animals, cars, or citys, but we could change it a little to sort through any CSV file as needed.
How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
The first thing I do when approaching  a problem as a computer scientist is to properly understand what the end goal is. I need to know where we will end up if I know where to start. I approach sorting and reading though database in a similar fashion. For this there where multiple uses of a button, while the principle is the same "adding a button" each button functioned differently. So I first made sure I got one button working flawlessly, then applied the other requirements to the same button and its use was transferable. It is easier to "debug" one problem at a time so if I knew I had one button that worked fine and sorted appropriately and then my next button failed I knew the issue wasn’t the "button" code but the search algorithm. 
What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better? Computer scientist develop and execute reusable and manipulate software that is not only effective but interchangeable depending on the task. It is our job to make sure that the application functions as intended without errors.
